In the distant lands of West, I have a mother of kindness that I treasure more than silver or gold.
And the song she used to sing, happy praise and cheer would bring.
And my loving mother's voice has never grown.
She was faithful.
loving too, and I always wept wherever I would roam.
But she prayed to God today, on a pointed way, that you someday bring me safely to a home.
Since I left my mother's home, since I choose a part to roam,
I miss her tender care from day to day.
I miss her loving voice, always made my heart rejoice.
She would cheer me as I journey on my way.
She was faithful, she was true, she was kind and loving too.
And she always went wherever I would roam through.
But she prayed to God each day, in his own appointed way, that he someday bring me safely to a home.